[Music]
yeah it's a competitive world out there
huh a global rat race for the title of
the tallest biggest fastest you get it
how about we make the most unusual
comparisons and see where you can find
record holders of all kinds the world's
fastest roller coaster is in the Ferrari
World theme park in Abu Dhabi UAE the
thing takes just five seconds to reach
its top speed of 150 miles per hour you
complete the one-mile track in just over
a minute and a half and then you barf
the slowest roller coaster in the world
is in Germany and it's a walkable one
yep your speed depends on how fast you
can climb the steps of the sixty nine
foot tall structure hey there's a loop
and everything the biggest sports
stadium in the world is in North Korea
it can seat 114 thousand people which is
the entire population of Springfield
Illinois to see the world's smallest
stadium just look at your typical
foosball table yeah okay fine if we're
going by capacity there are plenty that
tie with 40,000 max Russia's fisht
Olympic Stadium Rentschler Field in the
US Japan's a white at Bank Dome just to
name a few
spin is whale is Jason Orlando Rodriguez
Hernandez has the largest shoe size
today
he wears an unimaginable US size 26 the
average for men varies from 9 to 12 the
tiniest adult shoes are custom made for
Indian actress Jodie Onge the world's
smallest woman she's just over 2 feet
tall and her shoe size is about a 2 in
the infant's Department the biggest
private house in the world is a 27 story
personal skyscraper that belongs to
Indian businessman Mukesh Ambani the
Mumbai home is 550 feet tall almost as
tall as the Washington Monument the
world's tiniest house was built by nano
robotics researchers in France the
itsy-bitsy construction is so small that
it wouldn't even fit a mite and still
the house has seven windows a chimney
and a tiled roof
more than I can say about my apartment
porcelain palace the largest public
restroom in the world is in charging
China it's not a single bathroom but a
gigantic four-story 32 thousand square
foot complex with 1,000 toilets hey if
you're there mention my name and you'll
get a good seat the most compact loo in
the world has to be Britain's
futuristic-looking vertebra vertical
bathroom it consists of seven units or
modules that can be rotated with a push
there's one commode a sink the toilets
tank two showers went a bit higher than
the other and two storage drawers the
fastest train in the world is the
Shanghai maglev it runs along a
high-speed magnetic levitation line at a
maximum speed of 268 miles per hour the
world's slowest Express train runs in
Switzerland during the trip the Glacier
Express averages just 24 miles per hour
now the most expensive commercially
available pizza in the world
cost two thousand seven hundred dollars
or $250 for just one slice and is sold
in an upscale Italian restaurant in New
York City black squid ink dough
sprinkled with one of the most expensive
kinds of cheese in the world
caviar and 24 karat gold leaves would
you be willing to eat that much money
and if we talk about the u.s. you can
find that cheapest plain pizza in Alaska
there you'll pay about $7.25 for a large
one the biggest dog in the world if we
talk about its weight was Chloe a
mastiff that weighed 365 pounds as much
as a full-grown reindeer Chloe lived in
Tibet back in the 80s the smallest
living dog is Milly a chihuahua from
dorado puerto rico when the tiny thing
was born she didn't even weigh one ounce
and could fit in a teaspoon now this
itsy-bitsy pooch his height is just
under four inches the longest escalator
and moving walkway system is in Hong
Kong
the central mid-levels escalator is
2,600 feet long and goes just one way at
a time depending on rush hour the
world's longest individual escalators
are at the let's just throw the names up
on the screen
thanks subway stations in st. Petersburg
Russia to get down you'll have to take a
453 foot long escalator ride which is as
tall as the Great Pyramid of Giza as for
the shortest escalator in the world it's
in the basement of mores department
store in Kawasaki Japan it has only five
steps and is just over two and a half
feet long the loudest city in the world
is Mumbai India it's noise level is more
than 100 decibels which is almost as
loud as a chainsaw the world's quietest
place is a room in a Microsoft research
lab in Redmond Washington State it's so
eerily quiet that no one can stay there
for more than 45 minutes at a time
supposedly you can hear your own
heartbeat if you want to see the tallest
building in the world you'll need to
book a trip to Dubai the Burj Khalifa is
a jaw-dropping two thousand seven
hundred twenty feet tall which makes it
2 times taller than the Empire State
Building
the world's littlest skyscraper is the
Nobby McMahon building in Wichita Falls
Texas
it's just 40 feet tall roughly the
height of a telephone pole and got the
nickname because it looks like a thin
column next to the Burj Khalifa there's
the world's tallest hotel the JM
Marriott marquee Dubai this impressive
construction is 1165 feet high which is
even taller than the Eiffel Tower and
the world's smallest is Oh golly let's
put up the name guys I always stumble
over umlauts anyway it's in Bavaria the
building is a mere 8 feet wide and has a
floor space with a square footage not
much more than three parking spaces
no wonder the hotel can't accommodate
more than two guests at a time the
tallest bridge in the world is the
Millau Viaduct in southern france its
maximum point soars at 1,000
125 feet above the ground which is
really high for a bridge the smallest
drawbridge in the world is in Bermuda
there Somerset bridge connects Somerset
Island with the mainland the length of
the bridge is a little over two and a
half feet the world's most expensive
private jet is a Boeing 747-8 VIP it
originally cost 358 million bucks but
customization took the total price up to
558 million as for the one with the
lowest price tag it would be the small
Cirrus vision jet that will set you back
jaws 2 million dollars the biggest
school in the world is in Lucknow India
it's the city Montessori School where
you'll find almost 40,000 students and
well over 2,000 teachers the title for
the smallest goes to an elementary
school in the teeny town of Alfa Italy
in 2014 it was attended by just one
8-year old student the largest Art
Museum in the world is the lure you'll
love to see it the Parisian landmark
covers a total area of almost 783 square
feet that's over 13 football fields now
have you noticed how we compare two
things that have absolutely nothing in
common other than size but wait there's
more the world's smallest museum is in
West Yorkshire England
the Warley museum used to be a phone
booth hence why this museum can only
have one visitor at a time it also
changes exhibitions every three months
the largest plant in the world grows in
the Sequoia National Park in California
it's a tree nicknamed General Sherman
and the giant is 271 feet tall almost as
tall as Lady Liberty whoops there's
another one together with its root
system it weighs around 1800 tons it's
over 15 blue whales whoops there we go
again now duckweed is the world's
smallest flowering plant the thing is
smaller than a grain of sand and has a
tiny road with one or two leaves the
plant flowers every year and even
produces a microscopic fruit the Earth's
slowest animal is the three toed sloth
it's maximum speed is 15 feet per hour
that's why these animals don't usually
wander further than 100 feet a day and
are pretty much stuck in one place the
world's fastest land animal is the
cheetah SB can reach 75 miles an hour
hmm let's see that's 26 thousand four
hundred times faster than the sloth and
the feline can go from zero to 60 in
less than three seconds Venezuelan born
stunt performer Ernesto Gaines of Medina
use the smallest parachute in the world
for his 2014 jump in Dubai his
parachutes canopy was just 35 feet
square that's about the same as three
bath towels sewn together the world's
most massive canopy formation was
created by 100 skydivers who linked up
midair above Florida doing so their
combined canopies were as big as a
Boeing 747
if just one skydiver had made a mistake
all the participants could have crashed
into each other which wouldn't have been
good let's just put it that way the
world's smallest reproduction of a
printed book is teeny Ted from turnip
town the thing is etched on a microchip
the width of a human hair it's
impossible to read this book without a
scanning electron microscope the largest
published book is the little prince this
record-breaking edition is almost 7 feet
tall and over 10 feet wide when open
that's over 200 times bigger than the
books typical copy and that's all I got
good thing too the comparisons alone
about wore me out I mean come on the
General Sherman and a blue whale hey if
we could see General Sherman riding the
blue whale well I'd watch that
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]